

Technical Experience


Ubuntu: Using the command line, I've installed Ubuntu 10.10 from a setup script, followed by using apt-get to install packages as needed for new software.  

MacOS: Using the command line, I've installed ruby, couchdb, and several dozen ruby gems. I've also installed Xcode developer tools and MacPorts. 

Other: I've worked with Virtual Box to load/manage images and document basic Vbox operations. I've worked with the Eclipse plugin architecture to produce integrate help system for web-based app. Most of my current work is using Git for development and Heroku for app hosting (all command line operations).  


Developer Documentation
I'm the only writer for the entire Mu Dynamics (recently acquired by Spirent) product line, which means I do everything from customer-facing help docs to internal wikis for dev teams to API documentation for our more sophisticated users. 

However, the Blitz project (a self-service, cloud-based load and performance testing tool) is entirely developer-focused with all content written specifically for app and website developers. I've done most of my recent developer docs for Blitz, including website content (written in yaml), to 3rd-party add-on wikis (written in markdown), to general support and knowledgebase articles that help developers install and use Blitz.

Some samples of my developer-facing work: 

1. sample_kb		
KB articles for developer-focused load testing tool
See at http://support.blitz.io/kb/integration/integration-using-new-relic-with-blitz.

2. sample_addon	
Heroku add-on documentation 
See at https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/blitz. 

3. sample_gem_internal.html and sample_gem_external.html		
Ruby Gem documentation for pcapr_local

4. sample_wiki.md		
Git wikis for internal processes

5. sample_api.pdf		
API documentation for Mu Studio Performance
Includes 5 randomly-selected pages.


I've also done a large number of technical notes designed for SE teams and advanced users. Some samples: 

Attack Signature Creation documents for advanced network security professionals





